README.md, before:

# Cohaesus Blank Project

This project can be used as a starting point for a new frontend project using the latest (10/11/2015) set of tools that we like here at Cohaesus.

## Installation

Making no assumptions of your current set up. You are going to need Node which can be found on the link below.

Once you have Node up and running, you will need to install the dependencies with NPM. Run the following command. `npm install`. This will download all of the required packages.

### Node
[Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

### inuit CSS  
This project comes packaged with really lightweight [inuitcss starter kit](https://github.com/inuitcss/getting-started). Part of the inuitcss framework which can easily be extended by going [here](https://github.com/inuitcss).

## Usage

To start development, you will need to simply run `gulp`.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History

TODO: Write history

## Credits

TODO: Write credits

## License

TODO: Write license

Commit message:

Swapped gulp-sass for the ruby version. Watch moved to styles.js file.

README.md, after:

# Cohaesus Blank Project

This project can be used as a starting point for a new frontend project using the latest (10/11/2015) set of tools that we like here at Cohaesus.

## Installation

Making no assumptions of your current set up. You are going to need Node which can be found on the link below.

Once you have Node up and running, you will need to install the dependencies with NPM. Run the following command. `npm install`. This will download all of the required packages.

### Node
[Node](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)

### inuit CSS  
The project comes packaged with really lightweight [inuitcss starter kit](https://github.com/inuitcss/getting-started). Part of the inuitcss framework which can easily be extended by going [here](https://github.com/inuitcss).

### Ruby Sass
The project uses Ruby Sass and has a dependency on the Ruby Sass gem.

## Usage

To start development, you will need to simply run `gulp`.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History

TODO: Write history

## Credits

TODO: Write credits

## License

TODO: Write license
